Why did mother let father go?
Garden you must remember
Only your mother is your closest person
Father is just a burden to you
Why is that?
But when I was with my father
Very happy
That's because you will be the princess of Rakshasa Kingdom in the future
And your father will be a bitch for the rest of his life
He can't even get his household registration
With your father
You don't have a big house to live in
Nothing good to eat
But I like my father very much.
I can live without a big house
Good words, you still don't understand
Let's go play, ok mother
Princess, it's useless for you to cover the fan.
Drink some ginseng soup first
Does Mr. Fang taste good?
What the hell are you?
Ma Liang, I warn you, I
Ma Liang, what did you give me to drink?
Ginseng soup?
But I added a little seasoning in it
Half a bottle of immortal yaki
Mother
Mother, what's the matter with you?
Mother, have you never killed Xiaoyu?